Formatting and citation fixes of Abstract, Introduction, and Use Cases (#166)
SORTEE-Github-Hackathon/manuscript: content/03.use-cases-a.md

> ## GitHub in EcoEvo examples (Part 1)

Reviewer: Great, yeah I think it'll be nice to keep some of the headings, but we can definitely remove all these "part 1"

An even easier way to start using Github is for the archival of cleaned code and data, often accompanying preprinting, manuscript submission, or manuscript acceptance. 
Many users prefer to host a separate, cleaned repository that they make public when they complete a paper, while keeping the original folders as either a private GitHub repository, or on another cloud storage service such as OneDrive, Dropbox, etc.
One benefit of using GitHub for this service is that it can integrate with a website called Zenodo, a free, long-term data archiving service funded by CERN [@https://www.zenodo.org]. 

> After linking your GitHub account to Zenodo and turning on archiving, any time a release is made, a snapshot of the entire repository is archived in Zenodo with a versioned, citable DOI (see `Making code citable` below for more information).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After linking your GitHub account to Zenodo and turning on archiving, any time a release is made, a snapshot of the entire repository is archived in Zenodo with a versioned, citable DOI (see 'Making code citable' below for more information).
```

As a matter of gross simplification, organizing a course (for example) could be broken down into: 1) developing the material (i.e., slides, examples, relevant readings, labs, etc.), 2) hosting the course on some online platform for students to access, 3) delivering the content, and 4) accepting student work submissions and then returning graded material.  
GitHub provides a large variety of uses for hosting teaching/educational materials.
In fact, through taking advantage of the suite of GitHub features, the entire process of running a course, workshop, or even just a lecture, can all be done openly on GitHub.
As a matter of gross simplification, organizing a course (for example) could be broken down into: 1) developing the material (i.e., slides, examples, relevant readings, labs, etc.), 2) hosting the course on some online platform for students to access, 3) delivering the content, and 4) accepting student work submissions and then returning graded material.
While of course there are other purpose-built platforms for this type of activity, few of them provide the usability at the price point GitHub does. 

> First, developing course material, from slides to labs and everything in between, can be done on GitHub, out in the open, where others can see, review and offer feedback on your process!  

Reviewer: @BrandonEdwards Before, I was thinking that the double space at the end of each line was necessary for github to recognize a line break. But looks like that's not the case! Thanks for making the changes.

> Making presentations can be done through most major high-level programming languages such as R, with `RMarkdown` [@https://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/lesson-11.html], Python, with `python-ppt` [@https://python-pptx.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html]), and Julia, with `Remark.jl` [@https://juliapackages.com/p/remark].

Reviewer 2: Official citation for RMarkdown from `citation("rmarkdown")`
>Yihui Xie and J.J. Allaire and Garrett Grolemund (2018). R Markdown: The
  Definitive Guide. Chapman and Hall/CRC. ISBN 9781138359338. URL
  https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown.

> Student submissions are perhaps the least seamless component, but for assignments submitted as code files (i.e., `.R` & `.Rmd` as two of the most common) and/or `.pdf` files, GitHub has a new and far-from-perfect but still useful tool GitHub classroom [@https://classroom.github.com/] where instructors can host private assignments, and even build custom autograding tests, that will autograde assignments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Student submissions are perhaps the least seamless component, but for assignments submitted as code files (i.e., `.R` & `.Rmd` as two of the most common) and/or `.pdf` files, GitHub has a new and far-from-perfect but still useful tool GitHub classroom [@https://classroom.github.com] where instructors can host private assignments, and even build custom autograding tests, that will autograde assignments.
```
